Okay, okay, you guys catch up
I'll take a look at the back
Life is alive
Should hear
I hit this stool
I wronged you.
What? How can you do that?
I am a subordinate
Why can't you do it?
But
Nan, why don't you open the door for me?
Brother Nan, you have suffered
But do you need a bed that big?
Does it matter to you what I use?
Oh, yes.
He didn't say he got me a big one with two beds
Brother Nan, have you forgotten me?
I'm your fiancee
Why can't I ask?
Comrade Qin Huangxing
You are forgetful
I'm remodeling below
Our engagement was dissolved the following year
Isn't it big gossip?
The engagement was broken
Then he's coming
Is it
It was my mother who forced my sister to make an engagement
Not what I meant.
You don't have to make fun of me.
No, I'm sorry.
What!
It's not that you don't know that the form at that time was not good
I almost got kicked out of Qing University because of you
Even Mammy Rong thinks it's you who's sorry for our family
Take the initiative to allow me to break off the marriage
Since it's our family, I'm sorry for you.
Wouldn't it be better if our engagement was broken?
No, that's forced.
But
Now you're back to work too
We can also resume our engagement
I will still be your wife
Who is this?
To be so shameless
You said it so confidently
Golden new comrade
Have you read for nothing in the past few years at Qing University?
So headstrong
Uncle Song said
He misses you.
I've always wanted you back
Keep the job for you
He said we were a perfect match
Even if I go back to the capital
Also went back with my wife
What's the right match between you and me?
wife
Where in the country does anyone get a marriage license?
You two don't have a marriage license
It is not a husband recognized by the state
Wife, we really got an injection.
I simply said in his account book
I'm his man.
What!
Isn't this a burden?
Yeah, you could say that.
Okay?
Uncle Rong said
It's okay to say anything as long as he's willing to divorce you
See if he wants a job in the city or a hukou
Even the work arrangements of his family
It's not that it can't be solved.
This old man is quite comprehensive
And I won't dislike you either.
Even if you were married to that woman
My family also agrees, right?
But I dislike you.